{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f34\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f36\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f37\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f39\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f40\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f44\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{
\s4\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}}{\info{\title CALL OF DUTY\'99 README}{\author Aaron Gray}{\operator Dan Hagerty}
{\creatim\yr2003\mo9\dy16\hr10\min45}{\revtim\yr2003\mo10\dy11\hr12\min11}{\version117}{\edmins735}{\nofpages17}{\nofwords5891}{\nofchars-32766}{\*\company Activision, Inc.}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8299}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale144\viewzk2\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {CALL OF DUTY\'99 README
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 Last Updated: 2003-10-11
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {TABLE OF CONTENTS
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {INTRODUCTION
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {INSTALLATION & SET UP ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20   1.  Minimum System Requirements
\par   2.  CD Key
\par   3.  DirectX}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Detection & Installation
\par   4.  Error Message:  \'93Couldn't Load Default.cfg\'94
\par   5.  Error Message:  \'93Hunk unable to allocate 128MB of memory\'94
\par   6.  Splash Screen Will Not Change From \'93Uninstall\'94 To \'93Install\'94
\par   7.  Launch Problems on nVidia}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  nForce\'992 Motherboards 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20   }{\f1\fs20 8.  Issues With Installer Properly Switching To Disc 2 During Installation
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {VIDEO, SOUND, & PERFORMANCE OPTIONS
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20   1.  Video Mode
\par   2.  Full Screen
\par   3.  Character Textures
\par   4.  General Textures
\par   5.  Texture Filter
\par   6.  Texture Quality
\par   7.  nVidia}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Distance Fog
\par   8.  Brightness
\par   9.  Subtitles
\par 10.  Master Volume
\par 11.  Sound Quality
\par 12.  Sound Provider
\par 13.  Wall Marks
\par 14.  Ejecting Brass
\par 15.  Dynamic Lights
\par 16.  World Dynamic Light Quality
\par 17.  Model Detail
\par 18.  Sync Every Frame
\par 19.  Show Blood
\par 20.  Number of Corpses
\par 21.  Optimal System Settings
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {SOUND ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20   1.  Issues with Sound Blaster}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  SB PCI512 sound card
\par   2.  Issues with EAX}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Sound Provider
\par }{\b\f1\fs20   }{\f1\fs20 3.  Missing Sound Effects on nVidia}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  nForce\'992 Motherboards and Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  98
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {VIDEO ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20   1.  Video Cards
\par   2.  Multiple Monitors
\par   3.  16-Bit Color
\par   4.  16-Bit Textures 
\par   5.  Recommended Texture Settings for Video Cards
\par   6.  Setting the Video Resolution
\par   7.  Disabling Power Saving Features
\par   8.  Changing the Model Detail Option
\par   9.  In-game and Desktop resolutions
\par 10.  ATI}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 7200 Texture Corruption
\par 11.  ATI}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 7200 32MB Sky Texture Corruption at 1024x768 Resolution
\par 12.  ATI}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 8500 64MB Blinking/Dropping Textures
\par 13.  ATI}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 9000 Texture Popping
\par 14.  Switching Texture Quality on ATI}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 9000 Causes Texture Corruption
\par 15.  Matrox}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Parhelia\'99 Missing Geometry & Light Flickering
\par 16.  Matrox}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Parhelia\'99 Users Switching To Windowed Mode In-Game
\par 17.  nVidia}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  GeForce4\'99 Full-screen Color Issues
\par 18.  Changing Settings After Player Death In Single Player
\par 19.  Twitchy Graphics When Turning and Strafing
\par 20.  Running Game With Hardware Acceleration Off
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {GAMEPLAY ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20   1.  Where Are The Autosaves For Each Level?
\par   2.  Saving and Mission Failure
\par   3.  Overwriting Saved Games
\par   4.  Config.cfg File
\par }{\b\f1\fs20   }{\f1\fs20 5.  Binding the Pause Key to Other Functions
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {MULTIPLAYER & INTERNET ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20   1.  Problems Finding Internet Games
\par   2.  Issues When Using Firewall Software
\par   3.  The Game Freezes When Selecting Multiplayer
\par   4.  What Are the Map Names for Multiplayer?
\par   5.  Problems Playing Multiplayer with More Than 32 People
\par   6.  Game Type Server Settings are Erased When Changing Game Types in Multiplayer
\par   7.  Problems Adding IP Address to Favorites List
\par   8.  Locking out a Game Using Password Feature
\par   9.  Host is booted on a password protected listen server
\par 10.  Hosting Multiplayer on Dialup
\par 11.  Playing Multiplayer on Dialup
\par 12.  Host Appearing In the Vote Kick List
\par 13.  Setting the Pure Server Variable
\par 14.  Hosting Multiplayer on a DSL server
\par 15.  Map Rotation and the Next Map Function
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {WINDOWS}{\super \'ae}{ SPECIFIC OPERATING SYSTEM ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20   1.  Virtual Memory Warnings in Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  2000/XP 
\par   2.  Shift Key in Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  2000/XP Interrupts Game
\par   3.  Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Key Interrupts Game in Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  2000/XP
\par   4.  CTRL-ALT-DEL Freezes System on Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  2000
\par   5.  Game Icons Are Missing From Start Menu and/or Desktop
\par   6.  Admin rights needed to load and play on Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  2000/XP
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {MISCELLANEOUS ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20   1.  Mouse Wheel with Logitech}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Mice
\par   2.  Demo Recording
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {INTRODUCTION
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par Refer to this document if you encounter difficulties with one or more aspects of installation or running the Call of Duty\'99 game.  Many of the most commonly encountered issues are covered here.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 IMPORTANT NOTE}{\f1\fs20 :  Use of the in-game console is not supported by Activision}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20 .  Please do not contact Activision Customer Support with issues that arise from using console commands in-game.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {INSTALLATION & SET UP ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 1.  Minimum System Requirements
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par - 3D Hardware Accelerator Card required - 100% DirectX}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  9.0b compatible 32MB hardware T&L-capable video card and latest drivers 
\par - Pentium}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  III 600MHz or Athlon}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  600MHz processor or higher for systems with Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  98/ME
\par - Pentium}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  III 700MHz or Athlon}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  700MHz processor or higher for systems with Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  2000/XP
\par - English version of Microsoft}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  98/ME/2000/XP
\par - 128MB of RAM
\par - 8x CD-ROM drive (1200 K/sec sustained transfer rate) and latest drivers
\par - 1.4GB of uncompressed free hard disk space (plus 400MB for Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  98/ME swap file, 600MB for Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  2000/XP swap file)
\par - 100% DirectX}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  9.0b compatible 16-bit sound card and latest drivers
\par - 100% Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  98/ME/2000/XP compatible mouse, keyboard and latest drivers
\par - DirectX}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  9.0b (included)
\par 
\par MULTIPLAYER REQUIREMENTS:
\par - Internet (TCP/IP) and LAN (TCP/IP) play supported
\par - Internet play requires 56 Kbps (or faster) modem and latest drivers
\par - LAN play requires network interface card and latest drivers
\par 
\par Important Note: *Some 3D accelerator cards with the chipsets listed here may not be compatible with the 3D acceleration features utilized by Call of Duty\'99.  Please refer to your hardware manufacturer for 100% DirectX}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20 
 9.0b compatibility.
\par 
\par SUPPORTED CHIPSETS:
\par - All ATI}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 cards
\par - All nVidia}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  GeForce\'99 chipsets
\par - Matrox}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Parhelia\'99
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 2.  CD Key}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par A. Installation and the CD Key
\par 
\par When installing Call of Duty\'99 you will be prompted to enter your CD authentication key.  The authentication key appears on the CD packaging.  It is important that you enter the key str
ing in its entirety exactly as it appears on the CD package.  The Call of Duty\'99 Master Server verifies the CD key each time you connect for online play.
\par 
\par B. The game tells me my CD key is invalid:
\par 
\par The number one problem with CD keys is mistyping.  Double and triple check the characters you have entered.
\par 
\par C. Some common sense about your CD key:
\par 
\par Each CD key is unique - protect it from loss or theft by keeping a copy of it in a safe place.  Without it
, you cannot reinstall the game or play online.  You may hear of so-called "CD Key generators" being available for illicit download on the Internet.  They do not work as advertised, and often attempt to steal legitimate keys off your machine, reveal perso
nal information or install viruses, worms and/or trojan horses on your machine.  Do not download and/or use them under any circumstances.
\par 
\par D. If you are confused on whether a CD key character is the letter "O" or the number "0", it will most likely be the number "0".  
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 3.  DirectX Detection & Installation
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par The Call of Duty\'99 installer does not check for the version of DirectX you have currently installed, it just prompts you to install DirectX 9.0b.  Activision recommends allowing the installer to proceed wi
th the DirectX 9.0b installation, even if you think you may have 9.0b installed.  Re-installing DirectX 9.0b will not harm your DirectX configuration.  Call of Duty\'99 requires DirectX 9.0b to install and play.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 4.  Error Message:  "Couldn't Load Default.cfg"
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you try to run Call of Duty\'99 and receive the error message, "Couldn't Load default.cfg,\'94 this indicates that the program cannot find the "\\
main" directory that is essential to its proper function.  This error commonly occurs when you install the game
 with no directory specified.  For example, if you choose to install it to a hard drive or partition other than the C: drive (that is, D:,E:, etc.), but fail to specify a folder, the game will install everything to the root of the hard drive and the game 
will not launch. 
\par 
\par If you want to install the game to a hard drive other than the default setting (C:), please make sure you specify a folder when choosing the other drive (i.e.: D:\\Call Of Duty). 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 5.  Error message:  \'93Hunk unable to allocate 128MB of memory\'94
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par When a player attempts to launch Call of Duty\'99 with a full hard drive, the game will not launch and will display the above error message.  To resolve this situation, free up at least 200MB of uncompressed hard drive space to allow Call of Duty\'99
 to function properly.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 6.  Splash Screen Will Not Change From "Uninstall" To "Install"
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Users who have uninstalled Call of Duty\'99 and chose to reinstall it may find that the installer splash screen will still stay "Uninstall" instead of "Install" upon relaunch.  To remedy this, use the Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20 
 search function to locate the "cod.ini" file in the Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  folder and delete it.  IMPORTANT:  Do not delete }{\b\f1\fs20 any}{\f1\fs20 
 other files from this directory, as it may cause errors with other programs or the Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  operating system.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 7.  Launch Problems on nVidia}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  nForce\'992 Motherboards 
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Users who attempt to run the single player portion of Call of Duty\'99 on a machine with an nVidia}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  nForce\'99
2 motherboard may encounter an error message that states, "Please insert the correct CD-ROM and select OK to retry."  The error message will remain, even if the proper CD is in the drive.  The solution to this problem depends on your operating system:

\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\i0\ul Windows\'ae 98, ME and XP users:
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par If you encounter this problem on Windows\'ae 98, ME or XP, installing the latest nForce\'992 drivers (available from your motherboard manufacturer) will remedy the situation.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\i0\ul Windows\'ae 2000 users:
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par There is a known incompatibility with Macrovision\'99's SafeDisc}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  (the copy protection mechanism Call of Duty\'99 employs) and motherboards with the nForce\'992 chipset under Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20 
 2000.  To remedy the situation, do the following:
\par 
\par 1) Locate the "My Computer" icon on your computer and right-click it.
\par 2) Choose the "Manage" option.
\par 3) Once the Computer Management program launches, select "Device Manager."
\par 4) In the Device Manager, double-click "IDE ATA/ATAPI Controllers." 
\par 5) Right-click on "nVidia nForce 2(TM) SPP/IGP ATA Controller" and select "Properties."
\par 6) Click on the "Secondary Channel" tab.  If the Select Transfer Mode is set to "BIOS Default," click on the pull-down menu and select "PIO Mode."
\par 7) Close all open windows and restart your machine when prompted.
\par 
\par Call of Duty\'99 should now launch without incident.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 8.  Issues With Installer Properly Switching To Disc 2 During Installation
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Some users may find that, when they insert Disc 2 of Call of Duty\'99 in their CD-ROM drive, it will try to bring up the \'93splash\'94 screen and not allow the installe
r to continue.  If this happens, open your CD-ROM or DVD-ROM drive.  Hold down the Left Shift key.  Reinsert Disc 2 of Call of Duty\'99
 and keep the Left Shift key depressed until the CD or DVD drive stops reading the CD.  This will disable the autoplay function of the drive and allow installation to proceed normally.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {VIDEO, SOUND & PERFORMANCE OPTIONS
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par The "Options" menu in Call of Duty\'99 allows you to adjust a number of different graphic, sound, and general performance settings.  This menu is useful for fine
-tuning both the visual quality and overall game performance, in order to maximize player enjoyment and insure smooth play.  Call of Duty\'99
 automatically detects system hardware and sets all values to optimal settings, taking into account your system's proc
essor speed, available system RAM, video card power, video RAM, sound card capabilities, and various other factors.  You may wish to modify these settings, and this section is intended to be a guide to each setting and the impact of changing it.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {OPTIONS > SYSTEM > GRAPHICS
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 1.  Video Mode
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Allows you to set the screen resolution for the game; from the minimum setting of 640x480 to the maximum setting of 2048x1536.  IMPORTANT NOTE:  You should not adjust your in-game screen resolution to a setting 
beyond what your monitor can support.  You should consult your monitor's documentation in order to learn about supported resolutions.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 2.  Full Screen
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Allows you to choose whether the game will play in full-screen or windowed mode.  When in full-screen mo
de (select "Yes" to choose this), the game occupies all of the available screen space.  In Windowed mode (select "No" to choose this) the game will play in a window, and the desktop will be viewable in the space around that window.  IMPORTANT NOTE:  It is
 not recommended to choose an in-game resolution that is higher than your desktop resolution, especially in windowed mode.  You may only be able to see as much of the game as is viewable at your desktop resolution.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 3.  Character Textures
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Sets the detail l
evel for textures on all character models.  The game will choose the best setting for your system when you launch the game.  If you would like to modify this setting, you can choose from Low, Normal, High, and Extra.  Setting this value to a higher settin
g than the system chooses for you may hamper game performance.  Likewise, setting this value to a lower setting may improve your game performance.  See the Recommended Texture Settings for Video Cards section for further information.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 4.  General Textures
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Controls the detail level for all environmental and non-character textures.  As with the character textures setting, Call of Duty\'99
 will choose the optimal setting for your system - Low, Normal, High or Extra.  The higher the setting, the more texture data 
your system will need to process and render, so set these values to the higher levels only if your system is extremely robust.  See the Recommended Texture Settings for Video Cards section for further information.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 5.  Texture Filter
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Allows you to choose between bilinear and trilinear filtering for all in-game textures.  If you have a lower-end video card, you should choose bilinear.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 6.  Texture Quality
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Call of Duty\'99 will choose the optimal setting for your system.  Please see the 16-bit Textures section for further information.  If you are experiencing performance issues, you can downgrade the texture quality to 16-bit, at the cost of visual quality.

\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 7.  nVidia}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  Distance Fog
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par This function simulates the behavior of actual fog and/or mist. GeForce\'99 3 video cards and higher support a variety of advanced fog calculations including layered fog, patchy fog and more.  This will not affect GeForce\'99
 1 or 2 cards, and this option will not be available with a non-GeForce\'99 card.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 8.  Brightness
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Allows you to control the brightness ("gamma") level in the game.  Move the slider to the right to increase the gamma, or to the left to decrease.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {OPTIONS > SYSTEM > SOUND
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 9.  Subtitles
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par This option will enable subtitles to appear whenever other characters say things important to gameplay.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 10.  Master Volume
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Controls the volume for music, sound effects, and voices.  Move the slider to the right to increase the overall volume of the game.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 11.  Sound Quality
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Allows you to choose between 44KHz (high), 22KHz (normal) and 11KHz (low) sound quality.  The higher the sound quality, the more memory the sound files require.  If you are experiencing game performance issues, a downgrade in sound quality may help.

\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 12.  Sound Provider
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Sets the source for the sound in the game.  Miles\'99 Fast 2D Positional Audio is the default provider.  If your sound card supports Creative Labs' EAX\'99, EAX 2\'99 or EAX 3\'99
audio performance systems, you may want to consider changing your sound provider to the one your card supports.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {OPTIONS > SYSTEM > PERFORMANCE
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 13.  Wall Marks
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Allows you to choose whether the game will show bullet marks on the walls.  Setting this to "Off" will improve game performance.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 14.  Ejecting Brass
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Allows you to choose whether the game will show bullet casings ("brass") ejecting from guns in the game.  Setting this to "Off" will improve game performance.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 15.  Dynamic Lights
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Allows you to control the level of dynamic lighting in the game.  The "Ever
ything" setting will enable dynamic lights on all surfaces in the game.  "Models Only" will only display dynamic lights on models (and not environments and walls).  "None" will disable all dynamic lighting in the game.  If you want to improve game perform
ance, consider reducing this to "Models Only" or "None."  It will improve performance at the expense of visual quality.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 16.  World Dynamic Light Quality
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Allows you to further tweak performance settings by giving you the options of "Fastest" or "Nicest" fo
r world dynamic light quality.  On the "Fastest" setting, game performance takes precedent, and all dynamic light effects on world (i.e. environment & wall) textures will be of a slightly less quality.  "Nicest" renders the best dynamic lighting on world 
textures the game has to offer.  If you are having game performance issues, consider setting this to "Fastest."
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 17.  Model Detail
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Allows you to set the overall detail level for all in-game models.  You can choose from Minimum, Low, Normal, High, and Maxim
um settings.  Low settings compromise visual quality in favor of performance, so consider changing to a lower setting if you are experiencing game performance issues.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 18.  Sync Every Frame
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Setting this option to "Yes" will synchronize the game's redraw rate with your monitor's refresh rate.  This will minimize graphical "tearing" at the expense of some performance.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 19.  Show Blood
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you prefer not to see blood in the game from wounded or slain soldiers, set this value to "No.\'94
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 20.  Number of Corpses
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Sets the number of corpses that remain on the battlefield during gameplay.  You can choose from Tiny, Small, Medium, Large, and Insane settings.  Consider reducing this setting to help improve game performance.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 21.  Optimal System Settings
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par This setting will reset all the changes you may have made to the above settings to the values Call of Duty\'99 deems optimal for your particular system.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {SOUND ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 1.  Issues with Sound Blaster}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  SB PCI512 sound card
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you are using a Sound Blaster}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  SB PCI512 sound card and enable 22 KHz quality sound, you will experience system slowdown.  Maintain a sound quality setting of 11 KHz for optimum performance with this sound card.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 2.  Issues with EAX}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  Sound Provider
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par While using a sound card that supports E
AX, you may experience occasions of loud sounds while using the EAX sound provider.  To avoid this, and the potential hazard of damaging your speakers, it is recommended that you avoid using a high speaker volume on your sound system in combination with a
 low Master Volume setting in the Options>Sound menu of Call of Duty\'99.  Doing so may cause damage to your hearing or speaker hardware.
\par 
\par If possible, you should turn down your speaker volume on your sound system and turn up the Master Volume in the Options>S
ound menu to get desired volume levels while playing the game.  If this is not possible, and you are experiencing the problem mentioned above, it is recommended that you switch sound providers in the Options>Sound menu to Miles Fast 2D Positional Audio.

\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 3.  Missing Sound Effects on nVidia}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  nForce\'992 Motherboards and Windows}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  98
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Users who play Call of Duty\'99 on a machine with an nVidia}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  nForce\'992 motherboard and Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  98 may find that there are no in-game sound effects upon game launch.  Changing the Sound
 Quality setting (located in the "Options" menu under "Sound") from 44 kHz to 22kHz or 11kHz will restore sound effects in the game.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {VIDEO ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 1.  Video Cards
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par For optimum performance, Call of Duty\'99 will automatically detect and set your game graphics to recommended settings.  You can customize your settings by going to the "Options" menu from the main menu.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 2.  Multiple Monitors
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you are running a machine with multiple monitors and the video card for each monitor is an OpenGL compliant video card (e.g., GeForce\'99
 series cards), you may experience problems running the game, as the game will recognize both video cards.  Simply disable one of the monitors in the Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Display Properties.
\par 
\par Playing Call of Duty\'99 with dual monitors is not a supported feature.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 3.  16-Bit Color
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Call of Duty\'99 does not support 16-bit color depth and does not provide this option in the menu system.  For
cing the game to run in 16-bit color through other means may result in graphic corruption and other issues.  To insure you do not inadvertently force the game to 16-bit color, set your desktop's color depth to 32-bit.
\par 
\par 1) Open the Control Panel.
\par 2) Double-click Display.
\par 3) Click Settings.
\par 4) Set the color palette to 32-bit.
\par 5) Click Apply, then OK.
\par 
\par NOTE: This issue pertains to 16-bit color, not 16-bit Texture Quality.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 4.  16-Bit Textures
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Call of Duty\'99 is optimized for 32-bit (high resolution) color textu
res.  Since most of the textures and art in the game contain a 32-bit color palette, playing the game using the 16-bit texture quality selection only displays half the color information, thus causing some loss in visual quality.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 5.  Recommended Texture Settings for Video Cards
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you are experiencing performance or graphical anomalies, use the texture guidelines below, or select "Optimal System Settings" in the Game Options menu.  This may alleviate the problems you are seeing.
\par 
\par - Video cards with 32MB to 64MB of video RAM are able to use the Normal Character & General Textures settings.
\par - Video cards with 128MB of video RAM are able to use the High Character & General Textures settings.
\par - Video cards with 256MB of video RAM are able to use the Extra Character & General Textures settings.
\par 
\par * Video cards with 32MB of video RAM will see improved performance with the Low Character & General Textures settings.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 6.  Setting the Video Resolution
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you set your video resolution within the game beyond what is possible for your monitor, the game may end up at a gray or black screen.
\par 
\par To revert to the default configuration, click on the "Play Call of Duty (Safe Mode)" shortcut found in the Start Menu.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 IMPORTANT NOTE}{\f1\fs20\cf1 :  Call of Duty's Safe Mode resets the system settings for optimal performance for your computer.}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 7.  Disabling Power Saving Features
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Allowing a computer to go to "System Standby" while playing or installing Call of Duty\'99 may cause graphical anomalies.  When playing or installing Call of Duty\'99
, be sure to disable "Stand By" mode by right-clicking the desktop and selecting "Properties".  Click on the "Screen Saver" tab, then on the "Power" (also called "Settings") button at
 the bottom of the Properties box.  Once you have done this, make sure "System Stand By" is set to NEVER.
\par 
\par You will also want to disable any power saving features your monitor may have as it may result in issues that may prevent you from playing Call of Duty\'99 properly.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 8.  Changing the Model Detail Option
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Setting the Model Detail option (in the Performance settings screen) to "Maximum" forces the game to render all displayed geometry, taxing even the most robust computer systems.  Do not set this option t
o "Maximum" unless you are running on an extremely cutting-edge hardware configuration.  Note that users setting this option to "Minimum" may experience numerous graphical anomalies.  For best performance vs. appearance, this setting should be set to \'93
Normal.\'94
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 9.  In-game and Desktop resolutions
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20 Do not choose an in-game resolution that is higher than your desktop resolution.  You may only be able to see as much of the game as is viewable at your desktop resolution.  (For example, if your desktop resolutio
n is set to 1024x768, and you choose an in-game resolution of 1600x1200, the game screen may stretch beyond the size of your monitor screen).  This issue may be more prevalent in windowed mode.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 IMPORTANT NOTE FOR ATI}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  RADEON\'99 VIDEO CARD USERS:}{\f1\fs20   Call of Duty\'99 was tested and certified to work on ATI\'ae Radeon\'99
 cards running the Catalyst 3.7 drivers.  Subsequent driver versions may cause unforeseen issues.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 10.  ATI}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 7200 Texture Corruption
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Users playing Call of Duty\'99 on an ATI}{\super \'ae}{ Radeon\'99
 7200 video card, with settings to Low detail and 16-bit textures, may see black boxes appearing on distant textures.  They also may see graphical corruption on some textures.  These errors are specific to the Radeon\'99 7200 video card.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 11.  ATI}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 7200 32MB Sky Texture Corruption at 1024x768 Resolution
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Users playing Call of Duty\'99 on an ATI}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 7200 32MB video card at an in-game resolution of 1024x768 may see corrupted or "blocky" sky textures in a few levels.  To remedy this, either play the gam
e in Safe Mode, or reset your system settings to "Optimal."  These errors are specific to the Radeon\'99 7200 32MB card.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 12.  ATI}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 8500 64MB Blinking/Dropping Textures
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Users playing Call of Duty\'99 on an ATI}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 8500 64MB video card, with setting
s on low detail, may see distant textures dropping out in the Stalingrad level.  They also may see certain textures "blink" out when they shoot at them (such as train wheels).  These errors are specific to the Radeon\'99 8500 64MB card.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 13.  ATI}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 9000 Texture Popping
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Users playing Call of Duty\'99 on an ATI}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99 9000 video card may see occasional texture popping, especially on the "Sewer" and "Dam" levels.  These errors are specific to the Radeon\'99 9000 card.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 14.  Switching Texture Quality on ATI Radeon 9000 Causes Texture Corruption
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par In very rare instances, users playing Call of Duty\'99 on the ATI}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Radeon\'99
 9000 card that switch the quality of in-game textures to 32-bit while in a level with water causes the water textures to corrupt or disappear.  If this problem occurs, restart the game to restore full texture display function.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 15.  Matrox}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  Parhelia\'99 Missing Geometry & Light Flickering
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Matrox}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Parhelia\'99 users may find parts of some levels missing geometry.  This is due to the Parhelia\'99 not drawing in-game fog effects, which is causing the graphical anomalies.  Parhelia\'99
 users may also experience light flickering on textures and the player gun model on various levels of the game.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 16.  Matrox}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  Parhelia\'99 Users Switching To Windowed Mode In-Game
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par When a user playing Call of Duty\'99 on a Matrox}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Parhelia\'99
 video card attempts to switch from windowed mode to full-screen mode (or vice versa) while in the middle of a game, it may cause graphical corruption (a "hall of mirrors" effect) around the main game windo
w.  To avoid this, choose either full-screen mode or windowed mode from the shell when a game is not in progress.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 17.  nVidia}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  GeForce4\'99 Full-screen Color Issues}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par nVidia}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  GeForce4\'99 users may experience washed out or otherwise unappealing texture quality w
hen playing the game with High character and general textures settings, 32-bit textures in full screen mode.  If you experience this, adjust the "Image Settings" slider in the GeForce4\'99
 settings menu all the way to "Quality" in order to remedy the situation.  You can do the following:
\par 
\par 1) Right-click on the desktop and select "Properties."
\par 2) Choose the "Settings" tab.
\par 3) Click the "Advanced\'85" button.
\par 4) Select the "GeForce4" tab.
\par 5) Select the "Performance & Quality Settings option from the side menu.
\par 6) Adjust the "Image Settings" slider away from "High Performance" and over to "Quality."
\par 7) Click OK to save your changes and restart Call of Duty\'99.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 18.  Changing Settings After Player Death In Single Player
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Adjusting game settings, such as graphics set
tings or game options, if your single player character is currently dead is not recommended.  Change these options either before you begin the game, or by pressing Escape and going to the menus when your character is alive.  Otherwise, the changes may not
 take effect.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 19.  Twitchy Graphics When Turning and Strafing
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par You may see vibrating or "tearing" of textures (i.e. a vertical wall appearing torn in two pieces around the middle) while turning your view and strafing (walking sideways) rapidly.  Enable the
 Vertical Sync option in your video card options screen, and be sure that Vertical Sync is not forced to "Off."  In some cases, Vertical Sync needs to be set to "Default On" or "Always On" to fix this issue.  Enabling Vertical Sync may cause slight perfor
mance issues.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 20.  Running Game With Hardware Acceleration Off
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par As Call of Duty is a 3D game, it will not launch unless hardware acceleration is on.  If hardware acceleration is off, you will receive a "Could not load OpenGL.  Make sure that you have the l
atest drivers for your video card from the manufacturer's web site" error message."  If you receive this message, and you have confirmed that you have the latest drivers for your video card, check to see if hardware acceleration is off.
\par 
\par You can check the status of hardware acceleration in two ways:
\par 
\par Method 1:  Advanced Settings Under Display Properties
\par 1) Open the Control Panel.
\par 2) Double-click Display.
\par 3) Click Settings.
\par 4) Click Advanced.
\par 5) Select the Troubleshooting tab.
\par 6) Verify that Hardware Acceleration is on.
\par 
\par NOTE:  For most systems with supported video cards running the latest drivers and DirectX 9.0b, you should be running Call Of Duty with "Full" acceleration.
\par 
\par Method 2:  Display Settings In DirectX Diagnostic Tool
\par 1) Open the Start Menu and select "Run."
\par 2) Type the word "dxdiag" (with no quotation marks)
\par 3) When the DirectX Diagnostic Tool has finished loading, select the Display Tab.
\par 4) Verify that DirectDraw Acceleration is enabled.  If it is disabled, enable it.
\par 5) Verify that Direct3D Acceleration is enabled.  If it is disabled, enable it.
\par 6) Exit the DirectX Diagnostic Tool to save your changes.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {GAMEPLAY ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 1.  Where Are The Autosaves For Each Level?
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Call of Duty\'99 autosaves at the beginning of each si
ngle player mission as well as at certain points within each mission.  If you wish to load one of these, you can do so by hitting "Esc" while playing the game and selecting "Load Game" or selecting "Load Game" from the main menu.  Highlight the name of th
e game you wish to load and the click the "Load" button.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 IMPORTANT NOTE:  }{\f1\fs20\cf1 Call of Duty\'99 will not create certain autosaves if the player's health is below 40%.\~\~This is to keep from having to continue the game with too little health.}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 2.  Saving and Mission Failure
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you save your game during a mission failure, you may be unable to load a game from the load screen.  In this case, exit and restart game. You will now be able to load a save game.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 3.  Overwriting Saved Games
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par When saving your game over a previously existing save game file, you will not be able to update the name of the new save game file.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 4.  Config.cfg
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Your 
configuration and settings are stored in the config.cfg (or config_mp.cfg for multiplayer).  If you need to reset your configuration, do not delete this file.  Instead, click on the "Play Call of Duty (Safe Mode)" shortcut or select Set Default Controls/S
et Optimal Settings from the Options menu.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 IMPORTANT NOTE}{\f1\fs20\cf1 :  Call of Duty's Safe Mode resets the system settings for optimal performance for your computer.}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 5.  Binding the Pause Key to Other Functions
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par You will lose the ability to pause the game if the Pause key is bound to any other functionality.  To set "pause" back to the Pause key, make sure the Pause key is not bound to any other function.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {MULTIPLAYER & INTERNET ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 1.  Problems Finding Internet Games
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you are having problems seeing servers in the Multiplayer Join Server screen, please make sure that you have checked the following before contacting customer support.
\par 
\par A.) Make sure that you are connected to the Internet (through either a Local Area Network, dial-up connection, etc.).  You must connect to the Internet before starting the game.
\par 
\par B.) Once you have connected to the Internet and started the game, select the \'93Join Server\'94 option from the main menu and click the \'93Source\'94 button in the upper left portion of the screen until you see the word \'93Internet\'94
.  Once you have selected \'93Internet\'94 as the source, click the \'93Refresh List\'94 button to the right of the \'93Source\'94 button.
\par 
\par C.) If you are running firewall software on your system, such as ZoneAlarm}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20 , please refer to the "Issues When Using Firewall Software" section below. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 2.  Issues When Using Firewall Software
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you are using firewall software such as ZoneAlarm}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  and you are experiencing problems, make sure your firewall software is set to allow UDP packets on port 28960.  Call of Duty\'99 us
es this port for connection, message of the day, server browsing, and so forth.
\par 
\par In general, we do not advise setting up a Call of Duty\'99 server on a machine that is also either a NAT server (such as Microsoft's Internet Connection Sharing) or set up with i
pForwarding for a Local Area Net (LAN) onto the Internet. These machines see clients on your LAN as different addresses from the Internet and thus you cannot authorize these clients. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 NOTE:  }{\f1\fs20\cf1 Activision Customer Support does not support playing multiplayer through firewalls or shared connections.}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 3.  The Game Freezes When Selecting Multiplayer
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par This will sometimes occur if you are not connected to the Internet before selecting multiplayer, and your Internet Service Provider uses "Auto Dial" to connect to t
he Internet.  Auto Dial is a feature that brings up a dialogue box whenever using Internet applications without being connected to the Internet, the dialogue box will prompt the user to connect to the Internet and ask for their user name and password.

\par 
\par If you use Auto Dial, please make sure you are connected to the Internet before starting Call of Duty\'99
 to prevent your system from hanging.  Contact your Internet Service Provider for more information regarding Auto Dial as it may affect your account and connection.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 4.  What Are the Map Names for Multiplayer?
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you are running a dedicated server for multiplayer, you can use the filenames listed below to load the corresponding maps for your server.  Maps can be loaded by typing directly into the server console on the host machine, or via the "\\
rcon" command for remote servers.  To load a map the server must execute the "map <filename>" command.
\par 
\par Map Name = File Name
\par 
\par Brecourt = mp_brecourt
\par Carentan = mp_carentan
\par Chateau = mp_chateau
\par Dawnville = mp_dawnville
\par Depot = mp_depot
\par Harbor = mp_harbor
\par Hurtgen = mp_hurtgen
\par Pavlov = mp_pavlov
\par POW Camp = mp_powcamp
\par Railyard = mp_railyard
\par Rocket = mp_rocket
\par Ship = mp_ship
\par 
\par NOTE:  mp_chateau and mp_ship do not support the Search & Destroy multiplayer game type.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 5.  Problems Playing Multiplayer with More Than 32 People
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par The multiplayer maps created for Call of Duty\'99 do not support more than 32 players on a server, or more than 16 players per team, with the exception of the Behind Enemy Lines game type.  The maps h
ave limited spawn points available.  With more than 16 players on a team, you will experience instances of telefragging (causing them to have to respawn).
\par 
\par If you are operating a server with more than 32 people, or more than 16 per team, do so at your own risk.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 6.  Game Type Server Settings are Erased When Changing Game Types in Multiplayer
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par When you change the game type from the Start Server screen, the settings under the Game Type Settings menu will be reset without warning.  This was done to prevent bad configurations from occurring.  Server settings vary for each game type.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 7.  Problems Adding IP Address to Favorites List
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par To get a server into your Favorites list, set the "Source" in the server browser to "Favorites" and then select "New Favorites,\'94 and enter the server information.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 8.  Locking Out a Game Using Password Feature
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If the "Password" field is blank in the Start New Server screen, the server will not check for a password.  If it is not blank, the server will use the password listed in the f
ield.  If you wish the server to have a password, you should type one in; if not, do not enter one, or delete it if you have set one before.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 9.  Host is booted on a password protected listen server
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you are running a listen server with a password, you may encounter the server being booted after a Call Vote. To work around this issue, before the vote, do the following:
\par 1. Display the console by hitting \'93`.\'94
\par 2. Type "\\password <server password>" where server password is the password you have set for the server.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 10.  Hosting Multiplayer on Dialup
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Activision does not support hosting games on a dialup Internet connection.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 11. Playing Multiplayer on Dialup
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you are playing Call of Duty\'99 multiplayer on a dialup modem, please note that you are limited to playing games with a maximum of 8 players due to the limited amount of bandwidth available on a dialup connection. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 12.  Host Appearing In the Vote Kick List
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par When using the Vote Kick option you will not be able to kick the host.  You will only be able to vote off players who have joined a game.  
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 13.  Setting the Pure Server Variable
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Altering the sv_pure setting at any time after starting the server is detrimental to all clients.  The ONLY legitimate method of activating or deactivating Pure Server is to switch the Pure setting to "Yes" on the Start Server screen.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 14.  Hosting Multiplayer on a DSL server
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you are hosting a Call of Duty\'99 Multiplayer game on a DSL server, you will be limited to a maximum of 8 clients due to the limited bandwidth available on a DSL connection.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 15.  Map Rotation and the Next Map Function
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par All players in a multiplayer game have an opportunity to call votes for map changes, game type changes, etc.  If a pl
ayer calls a vote for "Next Map" and the server administrator did not specify a map rotation, the current map will simply restart if the vote passes.  Server administrators that wish to take advantage of the Next Map function should enable a map rotation.

\par 
\par The following map rotation configurations are available:
\par Server_re.cfg - Retrieval 
\par Server_bel.cfg - Behind Enemy Lines
\par Server_sd.cfg - Search & Destroy
\par Server_dm.cfg - Deathmatch
\par Server_tdm.cfg - Team Deathmatch
\par 
\par To load a map rotation, perform the following steps:
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 1) }{\f1\fs20\cf1 Start a dedicated or li}{\f1\fs20\cf1 sten server using the Shell.\line 2) }{\f1\fs20\cf1 If using a listen server, when the server is up, press the ~ key to pull down the console.\line 3) Type \\
exec server_sd.cfg in the console.\~\~If using a dedicated server, type exec server_sd.cfg (use whichever configuration matches the server\rquote s gametype)\line 4) Once the configuration file is executed, the rotation will be loaded.}{\f1\fs20  
\par 
\par In addition to having players call a \'93Next Map\'94 vote, server admins can use the }{\f1\fs20\cf1 map_rotate command on a dedicated server (or \\}{\f1\fs20\cf1 map_rotate on a listen server) }{\f1\fs20 
to take users to the next map as defined by the currently executed config file.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {WINDOWS}{\super \'ae}{ SPECIFIC OPERATING SYSTEM ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 1.  Virtual Memory Warnings in Windows}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  2000/XP
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Users playing on machines using the Windows\'ae 2000/XP operating systems that possess less than 600 megabytes (MB) of virtual memory may receive low virtual memory w
arnings.  To avoid these warnings, please make sure you set your virtual memory settings to at least 600 megabytes (MB).
\par 
\par To adjust your virtual memory settings, please do the following:
\par 
\par For Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  XP systems:
\par 1) Right click the My Computer icon.
\par 2) Select Properties.
\par 3) Select the Performance tab.
\par 4) Select Virtual Memory.
\par 
\par For Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  2000 systems:
\par 1) Right click the My Computer icon.
\par 2) Select Properties.
\par 3) Select Advanced.
\par 4) Select Performance Options.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 2.  Shift Key in Windows}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  2000/XP Interrupts Game
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you press the Shift key 5 times consecutively in Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  2000 or Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  XP the following message should appear:
\par 
\par "By pressing the SHIFT key five times you have turned on the StickyKeys feature in Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  2000 [or Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  X
P].  With this feature, you can lock down the CTRL, ALT, or SHIFT keys.  This is useful if you are unable to hold down more than one key at a time.
\par 
\par Click OK to turn this feature on.  If you do not want to use the feature, click Cancel.
\par 
\par <check box> Turn off keyboard shortcut for this accessibility feature.
\par 
\par <OK>
\par <CANCEL>
\par <SETTINGS>"
\par 
\par To avoid this happening in the future, click the Settings button on the window referenced above.  When the accessibility options screen appears, click the "Settings" button in
 the "Sticky Keys" portion of the window.  On the next window (should be labeled "Settings For Sticky Keys"), uncheck in the box that says, "Use shortcut,\'94 then click on "Apply,\'94
 and close the windows.  The problem should not occur once the shortcut has been disabled.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 3.  Windows}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  Key Interrupts Game in 2000/XP
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If the Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  key is pressed during game play, the Start Menu will interrupt the game.  Should this happen, simply press the Escape (Esc) key to close the menu and return to the game.  Unfortunat
ely, there is no way to prevent this from happening again except by being careful not to hit those keys while playing.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 4.  CTRL-ALT-DEL Freezes System On Windows}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  2000
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If the CTRL-ALT-DEL keys are pressed during game play, the screen will become corrupt 
and sometimes the system may become unstable.  Should this happen, simply press the Escape (Esc) key to return to the game or reboot the computer and refrain from trying to access the task manager while playing the game.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 5.  Game Icons Are Missing From Start Menu And/Or Desktop In Windows}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  2000/XP
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20 When installing Call of Duty\'99 while logged into Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  as a specific user, the game icons will only show up when logging in as that user.  For example, if you log into Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20 
 as "Joeuser", install the game, then log out and log back in as "Janeuser", the game icons will not show up.  If you wish to play the game, make sure you log into Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20 
 as the same user you were logged in as when you installed the game.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 6.  Admin Rights Needed To Load and Play On Windows}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  2000 or XP
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par If you are running Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  2000 or Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  XP, you must have Administrator rights to properly install and play the game.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {MISCELLANEOUS ISSUES
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 1.  Mouse Wheel with Logitech}{\b\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\b\f1\fs20  Mice
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par People having problems with the "mousewheel" on Logitech}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  mice should grab the latest version of Logitech's drivers from the following location:
\par 
\par http://www.logitech.com/
\par 
\par In addition to the latest version of "Mouseware" drivers, you will need to download the "Mouse Registry File for Gamers" which will allow the "mousewheel" to work within Call of Duty\'99.
\par 
\par Note: Although "Mouse Registry File for Gamers" is not listed as being needed under Windows}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  Millennium Edition you will still need to download it in order to get the correct functionality from the wheel.
\par 
\par Please contact Logitech}{\f1\fs20\super \'ae}{\f1\fs20  support if you are unable to find this file on their website.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 2.  Demo Recording
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Demo recording is not supported in either single player or multiplayer play modes.  The console commands for demo recording are still present in the game, but when executed they will not yield the expected results.
\par 
\par <END DOCUMENT>
\par }}